Wow... Loved this place.	1
Crust is not good.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Would not go back.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
did not like at all.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
The food, amazing.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
This was like the final blow!	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Service sucks.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
The portion was huge!	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
The service was meh.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
This place has it!	1
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Omelets are to die for!	1
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
We'll never go again.	0
Will be back again!	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
It was not good.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
The management is rude.	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this place is good.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Great brunch spot.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Won't go back.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
Waitress was good though!	1
Soggy and not good.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
You can't beat that.	1
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I think not again	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Service stinks here!	0
I waited and waited.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
This place is amazing!	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Food was really boring.	0
Good Service-check!	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Fantastic food!	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
The food was very good.	1
Never going back.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The only downside is the service.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
Everything was gross.	0
I love this place.	1
Great service and food.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
He was terrible!	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I won't be back.	0
They have great dinners.	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
The food was terrible.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
This is a disgrace.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Left very frustrated.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
For service, I give them no stars.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
No complaints!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I never come again.	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
I'd love to go back.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Nothing special.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Will not be back.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Very good, though!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
How awesome is that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Terrible service!	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Terrible management.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I *heart* this place.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
After two I felt disgusting.	0
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Food was delicious!	1
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
I consider this theft.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Over rated.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
Not good for the money.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The food is good.	1
It was awesome.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
An absolute must visit!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I will not return.	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
This is a good joint.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Very bad Experience!	0
What a mistake.	0
Food was average at best.	0
Great food.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Both great!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
dont go here.	0
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Damn good steak.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Good food , good service .	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
will definitely be back!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
I was mortified.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Not my thing.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
It was way over fried.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Will not be back!	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The block was amazing.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Mediocre food.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I'm super pissd.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service was terrible though.	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
It was packed!!	0
I love this place.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was terrible.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Awful service.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Very poor service.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
They were excellent.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
I won't be back.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
We won't be returning.	0
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Very, very sad.	0
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
This place is disgusting!	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
Disappointing experience.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
We won't be going back.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
This place lacked style!!	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It was equally awful.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
But I don't like it.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Food was below average.	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Spend your money and time some place else.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
Wow... Älskade det här stället.	1
Skorpan är inte bra.	0
Inte välsmakande och konsistensen var bara otäck.	0
Stannade till under den sena maj helgdagen av Rick Steve rekommendation och älskade det.	1
Urvalet på menyn var stor och så var priserna.	1
Nu blir jag arg och vill ha min jäkla pho.	0
Ärligt talat, det smakade inte SÅ fräscht.)	0
Potatisen var som gummi och man kunde se att de hade gjorts upp i förväg och hölls under en varmare.	0
Pommes frites var också bra.	1
En stor touch.	1
Servicen var mycket snabb.	1
Skulle inte gå tillbaka.	0
Kassörskan brydde sig inte alls om vad jag hade att säga, det slutade ändå med att det var för dyrt.	0
Jag försökte Cape Cod ravoli, kyckling, med tranbär... mmmm!	1
Jag var äcklad för jag var ganska säker på att det var människohår.	0
Jag blev chockad eftersom inga tecken endast indikerar kontanter.	0
Rekommenderas varmt.	1
Servitrisen var lite långsam i tjänsten.	0
Denna plats är inte värt din tid, än mindre Vegas.	0
gillade inte alls.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
Maten, fantastisk.	1
Servicen är också söt.	1
Jag kunde bry mig mindre... Interiören är bara vacker.	1
Så de uppträdde.	1
Just det....den röda sammetstårtan.....åhhh det här är så gott.	1
De tog aldrig en sallad vi bad om.	0
Detta hål i väggen har fantastiska mexikanska gatetacos och vänlig personal.	1
Tog en timme att få vår mat bara 4 bord i restaurangen min mat var ljummen, vår server sprang runt som om han var helt överväldigad.	0
Värst var lax sashimi.	0
Det finns också kombinationer som en hamburgare, pommes frites och öl för 23 vilket är en anständig affär.	1
Det här var som det sista slaget!	0
Jag hittade denna plats av en slump och jag kunde inte vara lyckligare.	1
verkar vara en bra snabb plats att ta en bit av lite välbekant pubmat, men gör dig själv en tjänst och leta någon annanstans.	0
Sammantaget gillar jag denna plats mycket.	1
Den enda försonande kvaliteten på restaurangen var att den var mycket billig.	1
Rikliga portioner och bra priser.	1
Dålig service, servitören fick mig att känna att jag var dum varje gång han kom till bordet.	0
Mitt första besök i Hiro var en fröjd!	1
Service suger.	0
Räkorna möra och fuktiga.	1
Det finns inte en affär som är tillräckligt bra som skulle dra in mig i det etablissemanget igen.	0
Svårt att bedöma om de här sidorna var bra eftersom vi blev utslitna av det smälta frigolitet och inte ville äta det av rädsla för att bli sjuka.	0
Positivt var vår server mycket uppmärksam och gav bra service.	1
Frusna puckar av äckel, med några av de värsta personerna bakom registret.	0
Det enda jag gillade var avsnittet främst revben och dessert.	1
Det är synd att maten är så jäkla generisk.	0
Hamburgaren är bra nötkött, lagad lagom.	1
Om du vill ha en smörgås, gå bara till någon Firehouse!!!!!	1
Min sida grekisk sallad med den grekiska dressingen var så välsmakande, och pitabröd och hummus var mycket uppfriskande.	1
Vi beställde ankan sällsynt och den var rosa och mör på insidan med en fin röding på utsidan.	1
Han kom springande efter oss när han insåg att min man hade lämnat sina solglasögon på bordet.	1
Deras chow mein är så bra!	1
De har hemska attityder till kunder och pratar ner till var och en när kunderna inte njuter av deras mat.	0
Portionen var enorm!	1
Älskade det... vänliga servrar, bra mat, underbar och fantasifull meny.	1
Heart Attack Grill i centrala Vegas är en helt platt ursäkt för en restaurang.	0
Inte mycket skaldjur och som 5 strängar pasta i botten.	0
Salladen hade precis rätt mängd sås för att inte överdriva pilgrimsmusslan, som var perfekt tillagad.	1
Den rivna bananen var inte bara riven, utan förstenad och smaklös.	0
Tänk åtminstone att fylla på mitt vatten innan jag kämpar för att vifta över dig i 10 minuter.	0
Denna plats får stjärnor för sina aptitretare!!!	1
Cocktailerna är alla handgjorda och läckra.	1
Vi skulle definitivt åka tillbaka hit igen.	1
Vi är så glada att vi hittade denna plats.	1
Bra mat och service, stora portioner och de ger en militär rabatt.	1
Alltid en fantastisk tid på Dos Gringos!	1
Uppdatering..... gick tillbaka för en andra gång och det var fortfarande lika fantastiskt	1
Vi fick maten och de har tydligen aldrig hört talas om salt och smeten på fisken var seg.	0
Ett bra sätt att avsluta en stor.	1
Affären inkluderade 5 provningar och 2 drinkar, och Jeff gick utöver vad vi förväntade oss.	1
– Riktigt, riktigt bra ris, hela tiden.	1
Tjänsten var meh.	0
Det tog över 30 minuter att få deras milkshake, som inte var något annat än chokladmjölk.	0
Jag antar att jag borde ha vetat att det här stället skulle suga, eftersom det är inne i Excalibur, men jag använde inte mitt sunda förnuft.	0
Pilgrimsmussla skålen är ganska skrämmande för värde samt.	0
2 gånger - Mycket dålig kundservice!	0
Sötpotatisfritesen var mycket goda och kryddade.	1
Idag är andra gången jag har varit på deras lunchbuffé och det var ganska bra.	1
Det finns så mycket god mat i Vegas att jag känner mig lurad för att jag slösat bort en möjlighet att äta genom att gå till Rice and Company.	0
Att komma hit är som att uppleva ett underväldigande förhållande där båda parter inte kan vänta på att den andra personen ber om att få göra slut.	0
gick in och platsen luktade som en gammal fettfälla och bara 2 andra där åt.	0
Turkiet och rostbiff var intetsägande.	0
Det här stället har det!	1
Pannkakorna som alla tjatar om smakar som en sockersöt katastrof skräddarsydd för en sexåring.	0
Jag älskar Pho och vårrullarna åh så smaskiga du måste prova.	1
Det dåliga förhållandet mellan smet och kött gjorde kycklinganbuden mycket otillfredsställande.	0
Allt jag har att säga är att maten var fantastisk!!!	1
Omeletter är att dö för!	1
Allt var fräscht och gott!	1
Sammanfattningsvis var detta en till stor del nedslående middagsupplevelse.	0
Det är som en riktigt sexig fest i din mun, där du skandalöst flirtar med den hetaste personen på festen.	1
Har aldrig varit på Hard Rock Casino förut, KOMMER ALDRIG NÅGONSIN KLIVA FRAM I DET IGEN!	0
Bästa frukostbuffén!!!	1
säg hejdå till din tips dam!	0
Vi kommer aldrig gå igen.	0
Kommer tillbaka igen!	1
Maten kom snabbt!	1
Det var inte bra.	0
På den positiva sidan serverar deras café riktigt god mat.	1
Vår server var fantastisk och när han fick reda på att frun älskar rostad vitlök och benmärg, lade han till extra till vår måltid och ytterligare en märg kvar!	1
Det enda bra var vår servitör, han var mycket hjälpsam och höll bloddy mary på väg.	1
Bästa buffén i stan, för priset kan du inte slå den.	1
Jag ÄLSKADE deras musslor kokta i denna vinreduktion, ankan var mör och deras potatisrätter var läckra.	1
Det här är en av de bättre bufféerna som jag har varit på.	1
Så vi åkte till Tigerlilly och hade en fantastisk eftermiddag!	1
Maten var utsökt, vår bartender var uppmärksam och personlig OCH vi fick en hel del!	1
Stämningen är underbar och det spelas musik.	1
Kommer att gå tillbaka nästa resa ut.	1
Såååå gott!!	1
RIKTIGA sushiälskare, låt oss vara ärliga - Yama är inte så bra.	0
Det gick minst 40 minuter mellan att vi beställde och maten kom, och det var inte så upptaget.	0
Detta är en riktigt fantastisk thairestaurang som definitivt är värd ett besök.	1
Trevlig, kryddig och mör.	1
Bra priser.	1
Kolla in det.	1
Det var ganska fult!	0
Jag har haft bättre stämning.	0
Lite svårt att förstöra en biff men det gjorde de.	0
Även om jag gillade utseendet och ljudet på denna plats, var den faktiska upplevelsen lite nedslående.	0
Jag vet bara inte hur det här stället lyckades servera den intetsägaste maten jag någonsin har ätit när de förbereder indisk mat.	0
Sämsta service att starta upp, men det är det minsta av deras bekymmer.	0
Servicen var bra och servitrisen var vänlig.	1
Killarna hade alla biffar, och vår biffälskande son som har ätit biff på de bästa och värsta ställena sa att det var den bästa biff han någonsin ätit.	1
Vi trodde att du skulle behöva ta dig längre bort för att få bra sushi, men det här stället slog verkligen till den kvällen.	1
Värdpersonal var, i brist på ett bättre ord, TIGAR!	0
Intetsägande... Jag tycker inte om den här platsen av flera anledningar och jag vill inte slösa tid på dålig recension... Jag lämnar det där...	0
Fenomenal mat, service och atmosfär.	1
Jag skulle inte återvända.	0
Definitivt värt att våga sig utanför remsan för fläskmagen, kommer tillbaka nästa gång jag är i Vegas.	1
Denna plats är alldeles för dyr för medioker mat.	0
Penne vodka utmärkt!	1
De har ett bra urval av mat, inklusive en massiv köttfärslimpa, en krispig kycklingwrap, en läcker tonfisksmälta och några läckra hamburgare.	1
Ledningen är oförskämd.	0
Läckra NYC bagels, bra urval av färskost, äkta Lox med kapris till och med.	1
Bra tunnelbana, det är faktiskt så bra när du kommer hit varannan tunnelbana kommer inte att uppfylla dina förväntningar.	1
Jag hade en seriöst solid frukost här.	1
Detta är en av de bästa barerna med mat i Vegas.	1
Han var extremt oförskämd och verkligen, det finns så många andra restauranger jag skulle älska att äta på under en helg i Vegas.	0
Min drink var aldrig tom och han gjorde några riktigt bra menyförslag.	1
Gör det inte!!!!	0
Servitören var inte hjälpsam eller vänlig och kollade sällan på oss.	0
Min man och jag åt lunch här och var mycket besvikna över maten och servicen.	0
Och den röda curryn hade så mycket bambuskott och var inte särskilt välsmakande för mig.	0
Trevlig filt av moz over top men jag tycker att detta gjordes för att täcka upp den undermåliga maten.	1
Badrummen är rena och själva platsen är väl inredd.	1
Menyn förändras alltid, matens kvalitet sjunker och servicen är extremt långsam.	0
Tjänsten var lite långsam, med tanke på att serverades av 3 personers servrar så maten kom i långsam takt.	0
Jag ger den 2 tummar ner	0
Vi såg vår servitör ägna mycket mer uppmärksamhet åt andra bord och ignorera oss.	0
Jag och min fästman kom mitt på dagen och vi blev välkomnade och satte oss direkt.	1
Detta är en fantastisk restaurang vid Mandalay Bay.	1
Vi väntade i fyrtiofem minuter förgäves.	0
Crostini som följde med salladen var inaktuell.	0
Några höjdpunkter: Nigiri av bra kvalitet här!	1
personalen är vänlig och fogen är alltid ren.	1
det här var ett annat snitt än stycket häromdagen men ändå underbart och mört och välsmakat.	1
Jag beställde Voodoo-pastan och det var första gången jag hade riktigt bra pasta sedan jag blev glutenfri för flera år sedan.	1
denna plats är bra.	1
Tyvärr måste vi ha slagit till bageriet på restdagen eftersom allt vi beställde var INGET.	0
Jag kom tillbaka idag sedan de flyttade och är fortfarande inte imponerad.	0
Jag satte mig direkt.	1
Deras meny är varierad och rimligt prissatt.	1
Undvik till varje pris!	0
Restaurangen är alltid full men aldrig en väntan.	1
UTSÖKT!!	1
Denna plats är utan tvekan en av de bästa ställena att äta i Phoenix metro-området.	1
Så åk inte dit om du letar efter god mat...	0
Jag har aldrig blivit så illa behandlad.	0
Bacon är grymt salt.	1
Vi beställde också spenat och avokado sallad; ingredienserna var sorgliga och dressingen hade bokstavligen noll smak.	0
Detta är verkligen hur Vegas fine dining brukade vara, ända ner till menyerna som delas ut till damerna som inte har några priser angivna.	1
Servitriserna är mycket vänliga.	1
Herre, Khao Soi är en rätt som inte får missas för curryälskare!	1
Allt på menyn är fantastiskt och vi var också glada över att de gjorde fantastiskt boende för vår vegetariska dotter.	1
Kanske fångade jag dem på en off night att döma av de andra recensionerna, men jag är inte inspirerad att gå tillbaka.	0
Tjänsten här lämnar mycket övrigt att önska.	0
Atmosfären är modern och hip, samtidigt som en touch av mysighet behålls.	1
Inte ett tillhåll varje vecka, men definitivt en plats att komma tillbaka till då och då.	1
Vi satt bokstavligen där i 20 minuter utan att någon bad om att ta vår beställning.	0
Hamburgaren hade absolut ingen smak - köttet i sig var helt intetsägande, burgaren var överstekt och det fanns ingen kolsmak.	0
Jag bestämde mig också för att inte skicka tillbaka det eftersom vår servitris såg ut som om hon var på väg att få en hjärtattack.	0
Jag klädde ut mig för att bli så oförskämt behandlad!	0
Det var förmodligen smuts.	0
Älskar det här stället, träffar platsen när jag vill ha något hälsosamt men inte saknar kvantitet eller smak.	1
Jag beställde citron hallon iscocktail som också var otrolig.	1
Maten sög, vilket vi förväntade oss men det sög mer än vi hade kunnat föreställa oss.	0
Intressant inredning.	1
Det jag verkligen gillar där är crepestationen.	1
Det serverades också varmt bröd och smör och hemgjorda potatischips med baconbitar på toppen....mycket originellt och mycket gott.	1
du kan se dem förbereda den utsökta maten!)	1
Båda äggrullarna var fantastiska.	1
När min beställning kom saknades ett av gyron.	0
Jag hade en sallad med vingarna och lite glass till efterrätt och gick därifrån och kände mig ganska nöjd.	1
Jag är inte riktigt säker på hur Joey's valdes till bästa varmkorv i dalen av läsarna av Phoenix Magazine.	0
Det bästa stället att gå för en välsmakande skål med Pho!	1
Livemusiken på fredagar blåser totalt.	0
Jag har aldrig blivit mer förolämpad eller känt mig respektlös.	0
Mycket vänlig personal.	1
Det är värt att köra.	1
Jag hade hört bra saker om det här stället, men det överträffade alla hopp jag kunde ha drömt om.	1
Maten var fantastisk och så var serivce!	1
Den varma ölen hjälpte inte.	0
Bra brunchställe.	1
Servicen är vänlig och inbjudande.	1
Mycket bra lunchställe.	1
Jag har bott här sedan 1979 och det här var första (och sista) gången jag klev in på denna plats.	0
DEN VÄRSTA UPPLEVELSEN NÅGONSIN.	0
Måste ha varit en off night på denna plats.	0
Sidorna är läckra - blandade svampar, yukon gold puré, vit majs - beateous.	1
Om den buggen aldrig dök upp skulle jag ha gett en 4:a, men på andra sidan väggen där denna bugg klättrade fanns köket.	0
I ungefär 10 minuter väntar vi på hennes sallad när vi insåg att den inte skulle komma någon gång snart.	0
Min vän älskade laxtartaren.	1
Kommer inte gå tillbaka.	0
Extremt välsmakande!	1
Servitrisen var dock bra!	1
Blöt och inte bra.	0
De jamaicanska mojitos är läckra.	1
Som är små och inte värda priset.	0
#NAME?	1
Duschområdet är utanför så du kan bara skölja, inte ta en hel dusch, om du inte har något emot att vara naken för alla att se!	0
Tjänsten var lite bristfällig.	0
Hummer Bisque, Bussell Groddar, Risotto, Filet ALLA behövde salt och peppar...och naturligtvis finns det ingen vid borden.	0
Förhoppningsvis talar detta för att de går i konkurs och att någon som kan laga mat kan komma in.	0
Det var antingen för kallt, inte tillräckligt med smak eller bara dåligt.	0
Jag älskade de baconlindade dadlarna.	1
Detta är ett otroligt FYND!	1
Folket på Otto får oss alltid att känna oss så välkomna och speciella.	1
När det gäller "nätet", också oinspirerat.	0
Det här är platsen där jag först hade pho och det var fantastiskt!!	1
Denna underbara upplevelse gjorde denna plats till ett måste-stopp när vi är i stan igen.	1
Om maten inte är dålig nog för dig, njut av att ta itu med världens värsta/irriterande fulla människor.	0
Mycket mycket rolig kock.	1
Beställde en dubbel cheeseburgare & fick en singelbiff som höll på att falla isär (bild uppladdad) Ja, det suger fortfarande.	0
Bra ställe att ta ett par drinkar och titta på alla sportevenemang eftersom väggarna är täckta med TV-apparater.	1
Om det var möjligt att ge dem noll stjärnor, skulle de ha det.	0
Beskrivningarna sa "yum yum sauce" och en annan sa "ålsås", ännu en annan sa "spicy mayo"... väl INGEN av rullarna hade såser på dem.	0
Jag skulle säga att det skulle vara det svåraste beslutet... Ärligt talat, alla M:s rätter smakar hur de ska smaka (fantastiskt).	1
Om hon inte hade himlat med ögonen kan vi ha stannat... Inte säker på om vi kommer att gå tillbaka och försöka igen.	0
Alla är mycket uppmärksamma och ger utmärkt kundservice.	1
Hemskt - slösa inte din tid och pengar.	0
Nu var den här rätten ganska smakrik.	1
Vid det här laget var vår sida av restaurangen nästan tom så det fanns ingen ursäkt.	0
(Det var inte heller upptaget) Byggnaden var dessutom iskall.	0
som den andra granskaren sa "du kunde inte betala mig för att äta på denna plats igen."	0
- Det tog nästan 30 minuter för drycker att komma ut vid ett tillfälle.	0
Seriöst smakrika läckerheter, gott folk.	1
Mycket bättre än det andra AYCE sushistället jag gick till i Vegas.	1
Belysningen är precis tillräckligt mörk för att sätta stämningen.	1
Baserat på den underordnade tjänsten jag fick och ingen ansträngning att visa sin tacksamhet för mitt företag kommer jag inte att åka tillbaka.	0
Ägare är verkligen fantastiska människor.!	1
Det finns inget privilegierat med att jobba/äta där.	0
Den grekiska dressingen var mycket krämig och smakrik.	1
Sammantaget tror jag inte att jag skulle ta mina föräldrar till den här platsen igen eftersom de gjorde de flesta liknande klagomål som jag också kände tyst.	0
Nu var pizzan i sig god jordnötsåsen var väldigt god.	1
Vi hade 7 vid vårt bord och servicen var ganska snabb.	1
Fantastisk service här.	1
Jag skulle också ha gett gudfäder noll stjärnor om det var möjligt.	0
De vet hur man gör dem här.	1
väldigt seg och väldigt dålig på smak!	0
Jag hoppas att denna plats stannar kvar.	1
Jag har varit på mer än några barer i Vegas, och kommer aldrig ihåg att jag blivit debiterad för kranvatten.	0
Restaurangatmosfären var utsökt.	1
Bra service, mycket rent och billigt att starta upp!	1
Skaldjuren var färska och generösa i portion.	1
Dessutom är det bara 8 spänn.	1
Tjänsten var inte upp till par, antingen.	0
Hittills har bara besökt två gånger och maten var helt utsökt varje gång.	1
Lika bra som när jag hade den för mer än ett år sedan!	1
För ett självutnämnt kaffekafé blev jag väldigt besviken.	0
Den vegetariska tallriken är inte av denna värld!	1
Du kan inte gå fel med någon av maten här.	1
Du kan inte slå det.	1
Stoppade vid denna plats i Madison för Ironman, mycket vänlig, vänlig personal.	1
Kockarna var vänliga och gjorde ett bra jobb.	1
Jag har haft bättre, inte bara från dedikerade boba-teplatser, utan även från Jenni Pho.	0
Jag gillade uteplatsen och servicen var enastående.	1
Gettacon snålade inte med köttet och wow vilken SMAK!	1
Jag tror inte igen	0
Jag hade mac sallad och det var ganska intetsägande så jag kommer inte att få det igen.	0
Jag gick till Bachi Burger på en väns rekommendation och blev inte besviken.	1
Service stinker här!	0
Jag väntade och väntade.	0
Denna plats är inte kvalitetssushi, det är inte en kvalitetsrestaurang.	0
Jag skulle definitivt rekommendera vingarna såväl som pizzan.	1
Fantastisk pizza och sallader!	1
Saker som gick fel: - De brände saganaki.	0
Vi väntade en timme på vad som var en frukost som jag kunde ha gjort 100 gånger bättre hemma.	0
Denna plats är fantastisk!	1
Jag hatar att inte hålla med mina andra Yelpers, men min man och jag var så besvikna på det här stället.	0
Väntade 2 timmar & fick aldrig någon av våra pizzor som många andra runt omkring oss som kom in senare gjorde!	0
Vet bara inte varför de var så långsamma.	0
Personalen är fantastisk, maten är utsökt och de har ett otroligt urval av öl.	1
Jag bor i grannskapet så jag är besviken över att jag inte kommer tillbaka hit, eftersom det är ett bekvämt läge.	0
Jag visste inte att pulled pork kunde vara såååå gott.	1
Du får otroligt färsk fisk, tillagad med omsorg.	1
Innan jag går in på varför jag gav ett 1 stjärnbetyg, vänligen veta att detta var tredje gången jag åt på Bachi-burgare innan jag skrev en recension.	0
Jag älskar det faktum att allt på deras meny är värt det.	1
Aldrig igen kommer jag att äta på denna plats!	0
Maten var utmärkt och servicen var mycket bra.	1
Bra öl & dryck urval och bra mat urval.	1
Vänligen håll dig borta från de wokade nudlarna med räkor.	0
Potatischipsbeställningen var trist... Jag kunde nog räkna hur många chips som fanns i den lådan och det var nog runt 12.	0
Maten var riktigt tråkig.	0
Bra servicecheck!	1
Detta giriga företag kommer ALDRIG att se en krona från mig!	0
Kommer aldrig, aldrig gå tillbaka.	0
Hur mycket jag än skulle vilja gå tillbaka kan jag inte klara den avskyvärda tjänsten och kommer aldrig tillbaka.	0
På sommaren kan du äta middag på en charmig uteplats - så mycket förtjusande.	1
Jag förväntade mig inte att detta skulle vara så bra!	1
Fantastisk mat!	1
Hon beställde en rostad engelsk muffins som kom ut orostad.	0
Maten var mycket bra.	1
Åker aldrig tillbaka.	0
Bra mat för priset, som är mycket hög kvalitet och egentillverkad.	1
Busspojken å andra sidan var så oförskämd.	0
Vid det här laget hade jag och mina vänner i princip kommit på att den här platsen var ett skämt och hade inget emot att göra det offentligt och högt känt.	0
Tillbaka till bra BBQ, lättare rätter, rimliga priser och berätta för allmänheten att de är tillbaka till det gamla sättet.	1
Och med tanke på att vi två lämnade där väldigt mätta och glada för ungefär $20, så kan du bara inte gå fel.	1
Allt bröd görs i egen regi!	1
Den enda nackdelen är servicen.	0
Dessutom är pommes frites utan tvekan de värsta pommes frites jag någonsin har haft.	0
Servicen var exceptionell och maten var bra som alla recensioner.	1
Ett par månader senare kom jag tillbaka och åt en fantastisk måltid.	1
Favoritställe i stan för shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
Black eyed peas och sötpotatis... OVEREKLIGT!	1
Du kommer inte bli besviken.	1
De kunde servera det med bara vinägretten och det kan göra en bättre övergripande rätt, men det var fortfarande mycket bra.	1
Jag går till alldeles för många ställen och jag har aldrig sett någon restaurang som serverar en frukost med 1 ägg, särskilt för $4.00.	0
När min mamma och jag kom hem blev hon genast sjuk och hon hade bara några salladsbitar.	0
Servrarna är inte trevliga att ha att göra med och de hedrar inte alltid Pizza Hut-kuponger.	0
Båda var verkligen otroligt bra, och jag är så glad att vi gick tillbaka.	1
Vi hade fantastisk service och var nöjda med atmosfären.	1
Allt var grymt.	0
Jag älskar det här stället.	1
Bra service och mat.	1
Först - badrummen på den här platsen var smutsiga - stolsöverdrag var inte påfyllda & helt enkelt yucky!!!	0
Burger... Jag fick "Gold Standard" en $17-burgare och blev lite besviken.	0
OMG, maten var utsökt!	1
Det finns inget autentiskt om denna plats.	0
spaghettin är inget speciellt alls.	0
Av alla rätter var laxen den bästa, men alla var fantastiska.	1
Grönsakerna är så fräscha och såsen känns som äkta thailändsk.	1
Det är värt att köra upp från Tucson!	1
Urvalet var nog det värsta jag sett i Vegas.....det fanns ingen.	0
Ganska bra öl urval också.	1
Denna plats är som Chipotle, men BÄTTRE.	1
Stilren/varm atmosfär, roliga och fräscha aptitretare, saftiga biffar (basebollstek!!!!!	1
5 stjärnor för tegelugnsbrödappen!	1
Jag har ätit här flera gånger, och varje gång var maten utsökt.	1
Vi satt ytterligare tio minuter och gav till slut upp och gick.	0
Han var hemsk!	0
Alla behandlas lika speciellt.	1
Det bör inte ta 30 minuter för pannkakor och ägg.	0
Det var jättegott!!!	1
På den goda sidan var personalen genuint trevlig och entusiastisk - en riktig behandling.	1
Tyvärr är Gordon Ramsey's Steak ett ställe som vi absolut ska undvika under vår nästa resa till Vegas.	0
Som alltid var kvällen underbar och maten utsökt!	1
Bästa fisken jag någonsin haft i mitt liv!	1
(Badrummet ligger precis bredvid och är väldigt trevligt.)	1
Buffén är liten och all mat som de erbjöd var BLAND.	0
Detta är en enastående liten restaurang med några av de bästa maten jag någonsin har smakat.	1
Ganska coolt skulle jag säga.	1
Definitivt en avstängning för mig och jag tvivlar på att jag kommer tillbaka om inte någon annan köper.	0
Servern gjorde ett bra jobb med att hantera vårt stora bråkiga bord.	1
Jag tycker att det är avskyvärt att slösa mat, men det här var helt enkelt inte mat.	0
Min fru hade hummer Bisque soppan som var ljummen.	0
Skulle komma tillbaka igen om jag var sugen på sushi när jag var i Vegas.	1
Personalen är fantastisk, stämningen är fantastisk.	1
Han förtjänar 5 stjärnor.	1
Jag gick därifrån med ont i magen och mådde illa resten av dagen.	0
De tappade mer än bollen.	0
Matplatsen är liten, men elegant inredd och bekväm.	1
De kommer att skräddarsy din beställning precis som du vill, min vanliga är Aubergine med grönbönorröra, älskar det!	1
Och bönorna och riset var i bästa fall mediokra.	0
Bästa tacos i stan överlägset!!	1
Jag tog tillbaka mina pengar och gick därifrån.	0
I en intressant del av staden är denna plats fantastisk.	1
OFÖRLIG OCH OBSERVERA HANTERING.	0
Personalen är nu inte lika vänlig, väntetiderna för att bli serverade är hemska, ingen säger ens hej de första 10 minuterna.	0
Jag kommer inte tillbaka.	0
De har fantastiska middagar.	1
Tjänsten var överlägsen & jag rekommenderar definitivt hälleflundran.	1
Maten var hemsk.	0
KOMMER ALDRIG NÅGONSIN GÅ TILLBAKA OCH HAR BERÄTTAT MÅNGA MÄNNISKOR VAD HADE HÄNT.	0
Jag rekommenderar inte om din bil går sönder framför den och du svälter.	0
Jag kommer tillbaka hit varje gång jag är i Vegas.	1
Denna plats förtjänar en stjärna och 90% har att göra med maten.	0
Detta är en skam.	0
Kommer definitivt tillbaka till bowl nästa gång	1
Om du vill ha hälsosam autentisk eller etisk mat, prova denna plats.	1
Jag kommer att fortsätta att komma hit på ladies night andddd date night... rekommenderar starkt denna plats till alla som är i området (;	1
Jag har varit här flera gånger tidigare, och upplevelsen har alltid varit fantastisk.	1
Vi gick därifrån mätta och glada över vår första Vegas-bufféupplevelse.	1
Servicen var utmärkt och priserna är ganska rimliga med tanke på att detta är Vegas och ligger inne i Crystals köpcentrum vid Aria.	1
För att sammanfatta... maten var otrolig, nej, transcendant... men ingenting ger mig glädje precis som minnet av den pneumatiska dispensern för kryddor.	1
Jag är förmodligen en av de få människor som någonsin gått till Ians och inte gillar det.	0
Barnpizza är alltid en hit också med massor av bra alternativ för tillbehör för barnen!	1
Servicen är perfekt och den familjära atmosfären är trevlig att se.	1
Tillagad till perfektion och servicen var oklanderlig.	1
Den här är helt enkelt en besvikelse.	0
Sammantaget var jag mycket besviken över kvaliteten på maten på Bouchon.	0
Jag behöver inte vara revisor för att veta att jag blir skruvad!	0
Bra ställe att äta, påminner mig om den lilla mamman och popbutikerna i San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Idag var min första smak av en Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog och jag måste säga att det var mer än jag någonsin trodde var möjligt.	1
Lämnade väldigt frustrerad.	0
Jag kommer definitivt att vara inne snart igen.	1
Maten var riktigt god och jag blev mätt småsnabbt.	1
Servicen var fantastisk.	1
TOTALT SLUT MED TID.	0
Jag vet inte vilken sort det är men de har det bästa isteet.	1
Kom hungrig, gå därifrån glad och mätt!	1
För service ger jag dem inga stjärnor.	0
Jag kan försäkra dig om att du inte kommer att bli besviken.	1
Jag kan ta lite dålig service men maten suger.	0
Gav upp att försöka äta något av skorpan (tänderna fortfarande ömma).	0
Men nu blev jag helt utmattad.	0
Jag gillade verkligen att äta här.	1
Första gången jag går men jag tror att jag snabbt kommer att bli en stammis.	1
Vår server var mycket trevlig, och även om han såg lite överväldigad ut med alla våra behov, var han professionell och vänlig till slutet.	1
Från vad mina middagskamrater berättade för mig... var allt väldigt fräscht med fin konsistens och smak.	1
På marken, precis bredvid vårt bord, låg en stor, utsmetad, intrampad-och-spårad hög med grönt fågelbajs överallt.	0
Dessutom kan du inte ens hitta öppettider på hemsidan!	0
Vi har försökt gilla det här stället men efter 10+ gånger tror jag att vi är klara med dem.	0
Vilket misstag det var!	0
Inga klagomål!	1
Det här är en riktigt god pizza och jag är en expert/kännare på ämnet.	1
Servitören var en idiot.	0
Strike 2, vem vill bli rusad.	0
Det här är de trevligaste restaurangägarna jag någonsin stött på.	1
Jag kommer aldrig igen.	0
Vi älskade kexen!!!	1
Servicen är snabb och vänlig.	1
Beställde en aptitretare och tog 40 minuter och sedan pizzan ytterligare 10 minuter.	0
Så helt fantastiskt.	1
Det var en enorm besvärlig ko på 1,5 kg som var 3/4 av gristling och fett.	0
kommer definitivt tillbaka hit igen.	1
Jag gillar Steiners för att det är mörkt och det känns som en bar.	1
Wow mycket kryddig men läcker.	1
Om du inte är bekant, kolla in det.	1
Jag tar min affärsmiddagsdollar någon annanstans.	0
Jag åker gärna tillbaka.	1
Hur som helst, denna FS-restaurang har en underbar frukost/lunch.	1
Inget speciellt.	0
Varje dag i veckan har de olika erbjudanden och det är så läckert!	1
För att inte tala om kombinationen av päron, mandel och bacon är en stor vinnare!	1
Kommer inte tillbaka.	0
Sås var smaklös.	0
Maten är utsökt och bara kryddig nog, så se till att be om kryddigare om du föredrar det på det sättet.	1
Min ribeye-biff var perfekt tillagad och hade fantastisk mesquite-smak.	1
Jag tror inte att vi kommer tillbaka någon gång snart.	0
Maten var så god.	1
Jag är långt ifrån en sushikännare men jag kan definitivt se skillnad på god mat och dålig mat och det här var verkligen dålig mat.	0
Jag blev så förolämpad.	0
De senaste 3 gångerna jag åt lunch här har varit dåliga.	0
Kycklingvingarna innehöll det torraste kycklingkött jag någonsin ätit.	0
Maten var mycket god och jag njöt av varje munsbit, en trevlig avslappnad plats för par små familjegrupper etc.	1
Nargile - Jag tycker att du är fantastisk.	1
Bästa tater tots i sydväst.	1
Vi älskade stället.	1
Definitivt inte värt de $3 jag betalade.	0
Vaniljglassen var krämig och slät medan profiterole-degen (choux) var tillräckligt färsk.	1
Jag är i AZ hela tiden och har nu min nya plats.	1
Chefen var värst.	0
Insidan är verkligen ganska trevlig och mycket ren.	1
Maten var enastående och priserna var mycket rimliga.	1
Jag tror inte att jag kommer att springa tillbaka till Carly's snart för mat.	0
Detta berodde på det faktum att det tog 20 minuter att bekräftas, sedan ytterligare 35 minuter att få vår mat... och de glömde hela tiden saker.	0
Älskar margaritas också!	1
Detta var min första och enda Vegas-buffé och den gjorde ingen besviken.	1
Mycket bra dock!	1
Den ena anmärkningen är att ventilationen kan behöva en viss uppgradering.	0
Stor fläsksmörgås.	1
Slösa inte din tid här.	0
Total besvikelse, jag skulle mycket hellre bara gå till Camelback Flower Shop och Cartel Coffee.	0
För det tredje var osten på min väns hamburgare kall.	0
Vi njuter av deras pizza och brunch.	1
Biffarna är alla välputsade och även perfekt tillagade.	1
Vi hade en grupp på 70+ när vi hävdade att vi bara skulle ha 40 och de hanterade oss vackert.	1
Jag ÄLSKADE det!	1
Vi bad om räkningen att lämna utan att äta och de tog inte med det heller.	0
Det här stället är en juvel i Las Vegas, och precis vad jag har hoppats på att hitta under nästan tio år som bor här.	1
Skaldjur var begränsade till kokta räkor och krabbalår men krabbabenen smakade definitivt inte fräscht.	0
Urvalet av mat var inte det bästa.	0
Utsökt och jag kommer absolut tillbaka!	1
Detta är inte en liten familjerestaurang, det här är en fin restaurang.	1
De hade en toro tartare med en cavier som var extraordinär och jag gillade den tunt skivade wagyuen med vit tryffel.	1
Jag tror inte att jag kommer tillbaka på väldigt länge.	0
Den var kopplad till en bensinstation, och det är sällan ett gott tecken.	0
Hur häftigt är det.	1
Jag kommer tillbaka många gånger snart.	1
Menyn hade så mycket bra saker på den att jag inte kunde bestämma mig!	1
Värre av allt, han förödmjukade sin arbetare mitt framför mig.. En massa hemska namnupprop.	0
SLUTSATS: Mycket mättande måltider.	1
Deras dagens special är alltid en hit med min grupp.	1
Och så slog tragedin till.	0
Pannkakan var också riktigt god och ganska stor då.	1
Detta var min första langusterupplevelse, och det var utsökt!	1
Deras monster kyckling stekt biff och ägg är min favorit genom tiderna.	1
Servitrisen var söt och rolig.	1
Jag var också tvungen att smaka på min mammas flerkorniga pumpapannkakor med pekannötssmör och de var fantastiska, fluffiga och läckra!	1
Jag äter hellre flygmat, seriöst.	0
Kan inte säga tillräckligt bra saker om denna plats.	1
Stämningen var otrolig.	1
Servitrisen och chefen är så vänliga.	1
Jag skulle inte rekommendera denna plats.	0
Sammantaget var jag inte särskilt imponerad av Noca.	0
Mitt gyro var i princip bara sallad.	0
Hemsk service!	0
Grymt besviken!	0
Jag äter inte så mycket pasta, men jag älskar hemgjorda/handgjorda pasta och tunna pizzor här.	1
Ge det ett försök, du kommer att vara glad att du gjorde det.	1
Överlägset den BÄSTA cheesecurds vi någonsin har haft!	1
Rimligt prissatt också!	1
Allt var perfekt den kvällen vi var i.	1
Maten är mycket bra för din typiska barmat.	1
det var en bilresa dit.	0
Vid första anblicken är det ett härligt bagerikafé - trevlig atmosfär, ren, vänlig personal.	1
Hur som helst, jag tror inte att jag kommer att gå tillbaka dit.	0
Peka med fingret på valfritt objekt på menyn, beställ det och du kommer inte att bli besviken.	1
Åh, det här är så vackert, den här restaurangen.	1
Om du inte har gått hit GÅ NU!	1
En fet, ohälsosam måltid.	0
första gången där och kanske bara den sista.	0
Dessa hamburgare var fantastiska.	1
På samma sätt sa leveransmannen inte ett ord av ursäkt när vår mat var 45 minuter försenad.	0
Och det var alldeles för dyrt.	0
Var noga med att beställa dessert, även om du behöver packa den att gå - tiramisu och cannoli är båda att dö för.	1
Detta var min första gång och jag kan inte vänta till nästa.	1
Bartendern var också trevlig.	1
Allt var gott och gott!	1
Det här stället är två tummen upp.... uppåt.	1
Det bästa stället i Vegas för frukost (kolla bara in en lör eller sön.	1
Om du älskar äkta mexikansk mat och vill ha ett helt gäng intressanta men ändå läckra kött att välja mellan, måste du prova denna plats.	1
Fruktansvärda förvaltning.	0
En utmärkt ny restaurang av en erfaren fransman.	1
Om det fanns noll stjärnor skulle jag ge det noll stjärnor.	0
Stor biff, bra sidor, bra vin, fantastiska desserter.	1
Värsta martini någonsin!	0
Biffen och räkorna är enligt min mening de bästa förrätterna på GC.	1
Jag hade möjligheten idag att provsmaka dina fantastiska pizzor!	1
Vi väntade i trettio minuter på att få sitta (även om det fanns 8 lediga bord och vi var de enda som väntade).	0
Yellowtail carpaccio smälte i munnen färskt.	1
Jag kommer inte att försöka gå tillbaka dit även om det är tomt.	0
Nej, jag ska äta potatisen som jag hittade främmande hår i den.	0
Bara kryddig nog.. Perfekt faktiskt.	1
Igår kväll var det andra gången jag äter här och jag var så glad att jag bestämde mig för att gå tillbaka!	1
inte ens ett "hej, vi kommer att vara rätt med dig."	0
Desserterna var lite konstiga.	0
Min pojkvän och jag kom hit för första gången på en resa till Vegas nyligen och kunde inte ha varit mer nöjda med kvaliteten på maten och servicen.	1
Jag rekommenderar verkligen denna plats, du kan gå fel med denna munkplats!	1
Trevlig atmosfär.	1
Jag skulle rekommendera att spara utrymme för detta!	1
Jag antar att vi kanske gick på en off night men det var skamligt.	0
Min senaste upplevelse på just den här platsen var dock inte så bra.	0
Jag vet att detta inte alls är som de andra restaurangerna, något är väldigt dåligt här!	0
UNDVIK DENNA ETABLERING!	0
Jag tror att den här restaurangen lider av att inte försöka tillräckligt hårt.	0
Alla tapasrätter var utsökt!	1
Jag *hjärta* denna plats.	1
Min sallad hade en intetsägande vinegrette på baby gröna och hjärtan av Palm.	0
Efter två kände jag mig äcklig.	0
En bra tid!	1
Jag tror att denna plats är ett bra stopp för dem med en enorm mage och sugen på sushi.	1
Generösa portioner och bra smak.	1
Jag kommer aldrig att gå tillbaka till denna plats och kommer aldrig någonsin rekommendera denna plats till någon!	0
Servrarna gick fram och tillbaka flera gånger, inte ens så mycket som ett "Blir du hjälpt?"	0
Maten var utsökt!	1
EN TIMME... seriöst?	0
Jag anser denna stöld.	0
Eew... Den här platsen behöver en total översyn.	0
Vi bevittnade nyligen hennes dåliga förvaltningskvalitet även mot andra gäster.	0
Väntade och väntade och väntade.	0
Han kom också tillbaka för att kontrollera oss regelbundet, utmärkt service.	1
Vår server var super trevlig och kollade på oss många gånger.	1
Pizzan smakade gammal, super seg på ett inte bra sätt.	0
Jag svängde in för att ge dem ett försök men blev djupt besviken.	0
Servicen var bra och företaget var bättre!	1
Personalen är också mycket vänlig och effektiv.	1
När det gäller tjänsten: Jag är ett fan, eftersom det går snabbt och du blir betjänad av några trevliga människor.	1
Pojken var den där sugen torr!!.	0
Överskattad.	0
Om du letar efter äkta thailändsk mat, gå någon annanstans.	0
Deras biffar rekommenderas till 100 %!	1
Efter att jag dragit upp min bil väntade jag ytterligare 15 minuter innan jag blev kvitterad.	0
Bra mat och bra service i en ren och vänlig miljö.	1
Allt som allt kan jag försäkra er att jag kommer tillbaka.	1
Jag hatar de där sakerna lika mycket som billiga svarta oliver.	0
Min frukost var utmärkt, med en vacker presentation av 3 gigantiska skivor toast, lätt pudrade med strösocker.	1
Lekområdet för barnen är otäckt!	0
Bra ställe att ta ut eller äta på.	1
Servitrisen var vänlig och glad att passa för vegan/vegetariska alternativ.	1
OMG, jag kände att jag aldrig hade ätit thaimat förrän den här rätten.	1
Det var extremt "smulet" och ganska smaklöst.	0
Det var en blek färg istället för fin och röding och har INGEN smak.	0
Krutongarna smakar även hemlagade vilket är ett extra plus.	1
Jag kom hem för att se de torraste jävla vingarna någonsin!	0
Det kommer att vara ett regelbundet stopp på mina resor till Phoenix!	1
Jag njöt verkligen av Crema Café innan de expanderade; Jag berättade även för vänner att de hade den BÄSTA frukosten.	1
Inte bra för pengarna.	0
Jag saknar det och önskar att de hade en i Philadelphia!	1
Vi fick sitta ganska snabbt, men det slutade med att vi väntade 40 minuter bara för att göra vår beställning, ytterligare 30 minuter innan maten kom.	0
De har också den bästa osten i stan.	1
Bra värde, bra mat, bra service.	1
Kunde inte begära en mer tillfredsställande måltid.	1
Maten är god.	1
Det var häftigt.	1
Jag ville bara lämna.	0
Vi åkte hela vägen från North Scottsdale... och jag blev inte ett dugg besviken!	1
Jag kommer inte att äta där igen.	0
!....ÄGARE MÅSTE VERKLIGEN sluta vara sååååå billiga låt dem slå in min jävla smörgås i två papper inte ett!	0
Jag kollade in det här stället för ett par år sedan och var inte imponerad.	0
Kycklingen jag fick var definitivt uppvärmd och var bara ok, klyftorna var kalla och fuktiga.	0
Förlåt, jag kommer inte att få mat härifrån när som helst snart :(	0
Ett absolut måste besöka!	1
Ko tunga och kind tacos är fantastiska.	1
Min vän gillade inte hans Bloody Mary.	0
Trots hur hårt jag betygsätter företag är det faktiskt ovanligt att jag ger en stjärna.	0
De vill verkligen göra din upplevelse bra.	1
Jag kommer inte tillbaka.	0
Jag hade kyckling Pho och det smakade mycket intetsägande.	0
Mycket besvikelse!!!	0
Den grillade kycklingen var så mör och gul av saffranskryddan.	1
en drive thru betyder att du inte vill vänta i en halvtimme på din mat, men på något sätt när vi kommer hit får de oss att vänta och vänta.	0
Ganska häftigt ställe.	1
Atmosfären är perfekt.	1
Lycka till till den oförskämda och icke-kundservicefokuserade nya ledningen.	0
Vilken mormor som helst kan göra en stekt kyckling bättre än den här.	0
Jag frågade flera gånger om vinlistan och efter en tid av att bli ignorerad gick jag till värdinnan och fick en själv.	0
Personalen är alltid super vänlig och hjälpsam, vilket är särskilt coolt när man tar med två små pojkar och en bebis!	1
Fyra stjärnor för maten & killen i den blå tröjan för sin fantastiska stämning och släppte fortfarande in oss för att äta!	1
Rostbiffmackan smakade riktigt gott!	1
Samma kväll är han och jag båda drastiskt sjuka.	0
Högkvalitativ kyckling på kyckling Caesar sallad.	1
Beställde hamburgare sällsynt kom in, vi är klara.	0
Vi hälsades snabbt och satte oss.	1
Försökte gå hit för lunch och det var ett dårhus.	0
Jag visade sig vara helt fel av den här sushibaren, inte bara för att kvaliteten är bra, utan servicen är snabb och maten oklanderlig.	1
Efter att ha väntat en timme och satt mig var jag inte på det bästa humöret.	0
Det här är en bra joint.	1
Macarons här är vansinnigt goda.	1
Jag äter inte här!	0
Vår servitör var mycket uppmärksam, vänlig och informativ.	1
Om de inte var kalla hade de kanske varit något ätbara.	0
Denna plats har mycket löfte men misslyckas med att leverera.	0
Mycket dålig upplevelse!	0
Vilket misstag.	0
Maten var i bästa fall genomsnittlig.	0
Bra mat.	1
Vi kommer inte att gå tillbaka när som helst snart!	0
Mycket mycket besviken beställde $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Bra ställe att koppla av och ha en fantastisk hamburgare och öl.	1
Det är PERFEKT för en sittande familjemåltid eller träffas med några vänner.	1
Inte mycket smak till dem, och mycket dåligt konstruerade.	0
Sittplatserna på uteplatsen var mycket bekväma.	1
Det stekta riset var också torrt.	0
Utan tvekan min favorit italienska restaurang!	1
Det SKRIKER bara "LEGIT" i min bok...något som också är ganska ovanligt här i Vegas.	1
Det var bara ingen rolig upplevelse.	1
Stämningen var fantastisk med en härlig duo violinister som spelade sånger som vi efterfrågade.	1
Jag älskar personligen hummus, pitabröd, baklava, falafel och Baba Ganoush (det är fantastiskt vad de gör med aubergine!).	1
Mycket bekvämt, eftersom vi bodde på MGM!	1
Ägarna är super vänliga och personalen är artig.	1
Båda jättebra!	1
Eklektiskt urval.	1
Sötpotatis tots var bra men lökringarna var perfektion eller så nära som jag har haft.	1
Personalen var mycket uppmärksam.	1
Och kocken var generös med sin tid (kom även runt två gånger så att vi kan ta bilder med honom).	1
Ägaren brukade arbeta på Nobu, så denna plats är verkligen liknande för halva priset.	1
Google medioker och jag antar att Smashburger kommer att dyka upp.	0
gå inte hit.	0
Jag lovar att de inte kommer att göra dig besviken.	1
Som en sushiälskare undvik denna plats på alla sätt.	0
Vilken fantastisk dubbel cheeseburgare!	1
Fantastisk service och mat.	1
En fantastisk grannskapspärla!!!	1
Jag kan inte vänta med att gå tillbaka.	1
Kokbananerna var de värsta jag någonsin har smakat.	0
Det är ett fantastiskt ställe och jag rekommenderar det starkt.	1
Servicen var långsam och inte uppmärksam.	0
Jag gav den 5 stjärnor då, och jag ger den 5 stjärnor nu.	1
Din personal ägnar mer tid åt att prata med sig själva än jag.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta var fantastisk.	1
Mycket god mat, bra atmosfär.1	1
Jävligt god biff.	1
Total brunch misslyckas.	0
Priserna är mycket rimliga, smakerna är perfekta, såsen är hemgjord och slawen är inte dränkt i majonnäs.	1
Inredningen är trevlig och pianomusikens soundtrack är trevlig.	1
Biffen var fantastisk... rge filé relleno var den bästa skaldjurstallrik jag någonsin har haft!	1
God mat, bra service.	1
Det var helt fantastiskt.	1
Jag kommer förmodligen inte tillbaka, om jag ska vara ärlig.	0
kommer definitivt tillbaka!	1
Sergeant pepparbiffsmörgås med aujusås är också en utmärkt smörgås.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic och Pineapple Delight är smoothies som jag har provat hittills och de är alla bra.	1
Gick till lunch - tjänsten var långsam.	0
Vi hade så mycket att säga om platsen innan vi gick in att han förväntade sig att det skulle vara fantastiskt, men blev snabbt besviken.	0
Jag var upprörd.	0
Det behöver inte sägas att vi aldrig kommer tillbaka hit igen.	0
Hur som helst, maten var definitivt inte mättande alls, och för det pris du betalar bör du förvänta dig mer.	0
Chipsen som kom ut droppade av fett, och för det mesta inte ätbara.	0
Jag var inte riktigt imponerad av Strip Steak.	0
Har gått sedan 2007 och varje måltid har varit fantastisk!!	1
Vår server var mycket trevlig och uppmärksam liksom den andra serveringspersonalen.	1
Kassörskan var vänlig och tog till och med ut maten till mig.	1
Jag arbetar i besöksnäringen i Paradise Valley och har avstått från att rekommendera Cibo längre.	0
Atmosfären här är rolig.	1
Skulle inte rekommendera till andra.	0
Servicen är snabb och även "to go"-beställningar är precis som vi gillar det!	1
Jag menar verkligen, hur blir man så känd för sin fish and chips när det är så hemskt!?!	0
Som sagt, våra munnar och magar var fortfarande ganska nöjda.	1
Inte min grej.	0
2 tummen upp!!	1
Om du läser det här, gå inte dit.	0
Jag älskade den grillade pizzan, påminde mig om legit italiensk pizza.	1
Endast fördelar: Stor sittgrupp/ Trevligt barområde/ Fantastisk enkel drinkmeny/ BÄSTA tegelugnspizza med hemgjord deg!	1
De har en riktigt trevlig atmosfär.	1
Ikväll hade jag älgfilen special... och det sög.	0
Efter en tugga var jag fast.	1
Vi beställde några gamla klassiker och några nya rätter efter att ha åkt dit några gånger och var mycket besvikna på allt.	0
Söt, pittoresk, enkel, ärlig.	1
Kycklingen var utsökt kryddad och hade den perfekta steken på utsidan och fuktig kyckling på insidan.	1
Maten var fantastisk som alltid, komplimanger till kocken.	1
Speciellt tack till Dylan T. för rekommendationen om vad jag ska beställa :) Allt smaskigt för min mage.	1
Fantastiskt urval av öl.	1
Fantastisk mat och fantastisk service!	1
En trevlig sak var att de lade till dricks på notan eftersom vårt sällskap var större än 6 eller 8, och de förväntade sig inte mer dricks än så.	1
EN FLYG låg i min äppeljuice.. EN FLYG!!!!!!!!	0
Han Nan Chicken var också mycket välsmakande.	1
När det gäller tjänsten tyckte jag att den var bra.	1
Maten var knappt ljummen, så den måste ha suttit och väntat på att servern skulle ta fram den till oss.	0
Ryan's Bar är definitivt en anläggning i Edinburgh som jag inte kommer att besöka igen.	0
Trevligaste kinesiska restaurangen jag har varit på ett tag.	1
Sammantaget gillar jag maten och servicen där.	1
De serverar nu också indiskt naanbröd med hummus och lite kryddig pinjenötssås som inte var av denna värld.	1
Kommer förmodligen aldrig tillbaka, och skulle inte rekommendera det.	0
Kompisens pasta -- också dålig, han rörde knappt vid den.	0
Prova dem på flygplatsen för att uppleva god mat och snabb och vänlig service.	1
Jag älskar inredningen med den kinesiska kalligrafi tapeten.	1
Har aldrig haft något att klaga på här.	1
Restaurangen är mycket ren och har en familjerestaurangkänsla.	1
Det var alldeles överstekt.	0
Jag är inte säker på hur länge vi stod där men det var tillräckligt länge för att jag skulle börja känna mig obekvämt malplacerad.	0
När jag öppnade mackan blev jag imponerad, men inte på ett bra sätt.	0
Kommer inte tillbaka!	0
Det var en varm känsla med tjänsten och jag kände mig som deras gäst för en speciell behandling.	1
En omfattande meny erbjuder många alternativ för frukost.	1
Jag beställer alltid från den vegetariska menyn under middagen, som har ett brett utbud av alternativ att välja mellan.	1
Jag har sett deras priser höjas, portionerna blir mindre och ledningens attityder växer snabbt!	0
Underbara lil tapas och atmosfären fick mig att känna mig varm och luddig inuti.	1
Jag fick njuta av skaldjurssalladen, med en fantastisk vinegrette.	1
Wontonerna var tunna, inte tjocka och sega, nästan smälter i munnen.	1
Nivå 5 kryddig var perfekt, där kryddan inte överväldigade soppan.	1
Vi satt rätt i tid och vår server från början var FANTASTISK!	1
Det viktigaste jag inte tyckte om är att publiken är av äldre publik, runt mitten av 30-talet och uppåt.	0
När jag är på den här sidan av stan kommer detta definitivt att vara ett ställe jag kommer att besöka igen!	1
Jag var tvungen att vänta över 30 minuter för att få min drink och längre för att få 2 arepas.	0
Detta är ett fantastiskt ställe att äta!	1
Jalapeno-baconet är sååå gott.	1
Tjänsten var dålig och det är trevligt.	0
Maten var bra, servicen var bra, priserna var bra.	1
Platsen var inte ren och maten ack så inaktuell!	0
Kycklingrätterna är OK, nötköttet är som skoläder.	0
Men tjänsten var mer än dålig.	0
Jag är så glad över att vara här!!!"	1
Smakade som smuts.	0
En av de få platserna i Phoenix som jag definitivt skulle gå tillbaka till igen.	1
Blocket var fantastiskt.	1
Det är nära mitt hus, det är lågmält, icke-fancy, överkomliga priser, god mat.	1
* Både Hot & Sour & Äggblomsopporna var absolut 5 stjärnor!	1
Min sashimi var av dålig kvalitet eftersom den var fuktig och smaklös.	0
Bra tid - familjemiddag på en söndagskväll.	1
maten är inte välsmakande alls, för att inte säga dess "riktiga traditionella Hunan-stil".	0
Det som störde mig var den långsamma servicen.	0
Flairbartendrarna är helt fantastiska!	1
Deras frysta margaritas är alldeles för söta för min smak.	0
Dessa var så bra att vi beställde dem två gånger.	1
Så i ett nötskal: 1) Restaurangen luktar som en kombination av en smutsig fiskmarknad och ett avlopp.	0
Min flickväns kalvkött var mycket dåligt.	0
Tyvärr var det inte bra.	0
Jag hade en ganska tillfredsställande upplevelse.	1
Gå med i klubben och få grymma erbjudanden via e-post.	1
Perfekt för någon (jag) som bara gillar öl iskall, eller i det här fallet ännu kallare.	1
Intetsägande och smaklöst är ett bra sätt att beskriva det knappt ljumma köttet.	0
Kedjorna, som jag inte är något fan av, slår det här stället lätt.	0
Nachos är ett MÅSTE HA!	1
Vi kommer inte att komma tillbaka.	0
Jag har inte så många ord att säga om det här stället, men det gör allt ganska bra.	1
Personalen är supertrevlig och väldigt snabb även med de galna folkmassorna av centrumjuryerna, advokaterna och domstolspersonalen.	1
Fantastisk atmosfär, vänlig och snabb service.	1
När jag fick min Pita var den enorm, den hade mycket kött i sig så tummen upp där.	1
När din mat väl anländer är det meh.	0
Att betala $7,85 för en varmkorv och pommes frites som ser ut som om det kom ur en barnmåltid på Wienerschnitzel är inte min idé om en god måltid.	0
Den klassiska Maine Lobster Roll var fantastisk.	1
Min svåger som jobbar på köpcentret åt här samma dag, och gissa vad han var sjuk hela natten också.	0
Så bra att jag kommer att behöva recensera denna plats två gånger - en gång här som en hyllning till platsen och en gång som en hyllning till ett evenemang som hölls här i går kväll.	1
Chipsen och salsan var riktigt bra, salsan var väldigt fräsch.	1
Det här stället är fantastiskt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Medelmåttig mat.	0
När du väl kommer in kommer du att bli imponerad av platsen.	1
Jag är super förbannad.	0
Och servicen var super vänlig.	1
Varför är dessa sorgliga små grönsaker så överkokta?	0
Det här stället var en så trevlig överraskning!	1
De var gyllene krispiga och läckra.	1
Jag hade stora förhoppningar på det här stället eftersom hamburgarna tillagas över en kolgrill, men tyvärr föll smaken platt, helt platt.	0
Jag kunde äta deras bruschetta hela dagen det är gudomligt.	1
Inte en enda anställd kom ut för att se om vi var OK eller ens behövde en vattenpåfyllning när de äntligen serverade oss vår mat.	0
Till sist, mozzarellastavarna, de var det bästa vi beställde.	1
Första gången jag någonsin kom hit hade jag en fantastisk upplevelse, jag berättar fortfarande för folk hur fantastisk ankan var.	1
Servern var mycket försumlig med våra behov och fick oss att känna oss mycket ovälkomna... Jag skulle inte föreslå denna plats!	0
Tjänsten var hemskt men.	0
Denna plats är för dyr, inte förenlig med deras boba, och det är verkligen OVERPRICED!	0
Det var fullsatt!!	0
Jag älskar det här stället.	1
Jag kan säga att desserterna var smaskiga.	1
Maten var hemsk.	0
Säsongens frukt var färsk vit persika puré.	1
Det blev värre och värre så nu är jag officiellt klar.	0
Denna plats borde ärligt talat sprängas.	0
Men jag skulle definitivt inte äta här igen.	0
Slösa inte dina pengar här!	0
Jag älskar att de lägger sin mat i fina plastbehållare i motsats till att stoppa in den i små papperslådor.	1
Crêpen var delikat och tunn och fuktig.	1
Hemsk service.	0
Kommer aldrig gå hit igen.	0
Matkvaliteten har varit hemsk.	0
För det priset kan jag komma på några ställen jag hellre skulle ha åkt till.	0
Servicen här är i bästa fall rättvis.	0
Jag älskar sushi, men jag tyckte att Kabuki var för dyrt, för dyrt och för lite service.	0
Gör dig själv en tjänst och håll dig borta från denna maträtt.	0
Mycket dålig service.	0
Ingen vid bordet tyckte att maten var över genomsnittet eller värt att vänta som vi hade för det.	0
Bästa service och mat någonsin, Maria vår server var så bra och vänlig att hon gjorde vår dag.	1
De var utmärkta.	1
Jag betalade notan men gav inte dricks eftersom jag kände att servern gjorde ett fruktansvärt jobb.	0
Har precis ätit lunch här och hade en fantastisk upplevelse.	1
Jag har aldrig haft så intetsägande mat som förvånade mig med tanke på att artikeln vi läste fokuserade så mycket på deras kryddor och smak.	0
Maten är alldeles för dyr och portionerna är jävligt små.	0
Jag försökte nyligen Caballero's och jag har varit tillbaka varje vecka sedan dess!	1
för 40 dollar per person förväntar jag mig verkligen bättre mat.	0
Maten kom ut i ett bra tempo.	1
Jag åt där två gånger vid mitt senaste besök, och njöt särskilt av laxsalladen.	1
Jag kommer inte tillbaka.	0
Vi kunde inte tro hur smutsiga ostron var!	0
Denna plats förtjänar inga stjärnor.	0
Jag skulle inte rekommendera denna plats.	0
Faktum är att jag kommer att runda upp till fyra stjärnor, bara för att hon var så fantastisk.	1
Till min misstro kvalificerade varje maträtt som den värsta versionen av dessa livsmedel jag någonsin har smakat.	0
Dålig dag eller inte, jag har väldigt låg tolerans för oförskämda kundtjänstfolk, det är ditt jobb att vara trevlig och artig, diska annars!!	0
potatisen var fantastisk och så var kexet.	1
Jag skulle förmodligen inte gå hit igen.	0
Så smakrik och har precis den perfekta mängden värme.	1
Priset är rimligt och servicen är utmärkt.	1
Hustrun hatade sin måltid (kokosräkor), och våra vänner njöt verkligen inte av sina måltider heller.	0
Min kille fick huevos rancheros och de såg inte så tilltalande ut.	0
Gick in för happy hour, bra lista med viner.	1
Vissa kanske säger att denna buffé är dyr men jag tror att du får vad du betalar för och det här stället du får ganska mycket!	1
Jag kommer förmodligen inte tillbaka hit.	0
Värsta mat/service jag har haft på ett tag.	0
Det här stället är ganska bra, trevlig liten atmosfär i restaurangen.	1
Snacka om bra kundservice såklart vi kommer tillbaka.	1
Varma rätter är inte varma, kalla rätter är nära rumstemperatur. Jag såg personalen laga mat med BARA HÄNDER, inga handskar. Allt är friterat i olja.	0
Jag älskar deras pommes frites och deras bönor.	1
Alltid ett nöje att ha att göra med honom.	1
De har en uppsjö av sallader och smörgåsar, och allt jag har provat får mitt godkännande.	1
Denna plats är fantastisk om du vill ha något lätt och hälsosamt under sommaren.	1
För sushi on the Strip är det här platsen att gå.	1
Tjänsten var fantastisk, även chefen kom och hjälpte till med vårt bord.	1
Känslan av matsalen var mer college matlagningskurs än högklassig middag och tjänsten var långsam i bästa fall.	0
Jag började den här recensionen med två stjärnor, men jag redigerar den så att den bara får en.	0
detta är den värsta sushi jag någonsin har ätit förutom Costco's.	0
Allt som allt en utmärkt restaurang framhävd av bra service, en unik meny och en vacker miljö.	1
Min pojkvän och jag satt i baren och hade en helt underbar upplevelse.	1
Konstig stämning från ägarna.	0
Det fanns knappt något kött.	0
Jag har fått bättre bagels från mataffären.	0
Gå till plats för Gyros.	1
Jag älskar ägaren/kocken, hans ena autentiska japanska coola snubbe!	1
Nu är hamburgarna inte lika bra, pizzan som brukade vara fantastisk är degig och smaklös.	0
Jag hittade en sex tum lång bit tråd i min salsa.	0
Tjänsten var hemsk, maten var medioker.	0
Vi har definitivt haft oss.	1
Jag beställde Albondigassoppa - som bara var varm - och smakade som tomatsoppa med frysta köttbullar.	0
Vid tre olika tillfällen bad jag om well done eller medium well, och alla tre gångerna fick jag den blodigaste köttbiten på min tallrik.	0
Jag hade ungefär två tuggor och vägrade äta längre.	0
Tjänsten var extremt långsam.	0
Efter 20 minuters väntan fick jag ett bord.	0
Seriöst mördare het chai latte.	1
Inga allergivarningar på menyn, och servitrisen hade absolut ingen aning om vilka måltider som innehöll eller inte innehöll jordnötter.	0
Min pojkvän provade Mediterranean Chicken Salad och blev kär.	1
Deras roterande öl på fat är också en höjdpunkt på denna plats.	1
Prissättning är lite av ett bekymmer på Mellow Mushroom.	0
Värsta thailändska någonsin.	0
Om du bor i Vegas måste du få frukost här minst en gång.	1
Jag vill först säga att vår server var fantastisk och vi hade perfekt service.	1
Pizzavalen är bra.	1
Jag hade jordgubbste, vilket var gott.	1
Mycket oprofessionellt och oförskämd mot en lojal beskyddare!	0
Sammantaget en fantastisk upplevelse.	1
Spendera dina pengar någon annanstans.	0
Deras vanliga rostade bröd var lika tillfredsställande med enstaka smörklickar... Mmmm...!	1
Buffén på Bellagio var långt ifrån vad jag förväntade mig.	0
Och dryckerna är SVAGA, människor!	0
-Min beställning stämde inte.	0
Jag tycker också att chipsen är köpta, inte tillverkade hemma.	0
Efter den nedslående middagen gick vi någon annanstans för efterrätt.	0
Chips och sals här är fantastiskt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Vi kommer inte tillbaka.	0
Det här är min nya favorit bufféplats i Vegas.	1
Jag kan seriöst inte fatta att ägaren har så många oerfarna anställda att alla springer runt som höns med avhuggna huvuden.	0
Väldigt, väldigt sorgligt.	0
jag kände mig förolämpad och respektlös, hur kunde du prata och döma en annan människa så?	0
Hur kan du kalla dig ett steakhouse om du inte kan laga en biff ordentligt, jag förstår inte!	0
Jag är inte imponerad av konceptet eller maten.	0
Det enda jag inte var så tokig i var deras guacamole eftersom jag inte gillar den puré.	0
Det finns verkligen ingenting för mig på postinos, hoppas din upplevelse är bättre	0
Jag fick matförgiftning här på buffén.	0
De tog med en färsk sats pommes frites och jag tänkte jaja något varmt men nej!	0
Det som SKA ha varit en rolig, smaskig julaftonsmiddag att minnas var det största misslyckandet på hela resan för oss.	0
Naturligtvis kommer jag inte att gå tillbaka när som helst snart.	0
Det här stället är äckligt!	0
Varje gång jag äter här ser jag omtänksam lagarbete till en professionell grad.	1
RI stil bläckfisk var ett skämt.	0
Det var dock så mycket vitlök i fonduen att den knappt gick att äta.	0
Jag kunde knappt orka med måltiden, men klagade inte eftersom det var en affärslunch.	0
Det var så illa att jag hade tappat hjärtat för att avsluta det.	0
Det tog henne också en evighet att ge oss checken när vi bad om den.	0
Vi är inte de som gör en scen på restauranger men jag förstår det bara inte... tappade definitivt kärleken efter den här!	0
En besvikelse upplevelse.	0
Maten är ungefär i nivå med Denny's, det vill säga inte bra alls.	0
Om du vill vänta på medioker mat och rent av fruktansvärd service, så är det här platsen för dig.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy överskattad är allt jag säger.	0
Vi kommer inte att gå tillbaka.	0
Platsen var ganska ren men maten var helt enkelt inte värt det.	0
Denna plats saknade stil!!	0
Sangrian var ungefär hälften av ett glas vin fullt och var $12, löjligt.	0
Bry dig inte om att komma hit.	0
Köttet var ganska torrt, jag hade skivad bringa och pulled pork.	0
Byggnaden i sig verkar ganska snyggt; badrummet är ganska trippy, men jag skulle inte äta här igen.	0
Det var lika hemskt.	0
Har nog inte bråttom att gå tillbaka.	0
mycket långsam vid sittplatser även med reservation.	0
Inte bra med någon form av fantasi.	0
Cashew gräddsåsen var intetsägande och grönsakerna var dåligt tillagade.	0
Chipolte ranch doppa sausen var smaklös, verkade tunna och urvattnade utan värme.	0
Det var lite för sött, inte riktigt kryddigt nog och saknade smak.	0
Jag blev MYCKET besviken!!	0
Denna plats är hemsk och sätt för dyrt.	0
Kanske är det bara deras vegetariska rätter, men jag har varit två gånger och jag trodde att det var genomsnittligt i bästa fall.	0
Det var inte alls upptaget och nu vet vi varför.	0
Borden utanför är också smutsiga mycket av tiden och arbetarna är inte alltid vänliga och hjälpsamma med menyn.	0
Atmosfären här kändes inte som en buffémiljö, utan mer som en duschig inomhusträdgård för te och kex.	0
Nackdel: prickig service.	0
Pommes fritesen var inte varma, och inte heller min hamburgare.	0
Men sedan kom de tillbaka kalla.	0
Sedan vår mat kom ut, besvikelse följde.	0
Den verkliga besvikelsen var vår servitör.	0
Min man sa att hon var väldigt oförskämd... bad inte ens om ursäkt för den dåliga maten eller något.	0
Den enda anledningen till att äta här skulle vara att fylla på innan en natt av hetsätande bara för att få lite kolhydrater i magen.	0
Förolämpningar, djupa deuchebaggery, och var tvungen att gå ut för en rökpaus under servering bara för att stelna det.	0
Om någon beställer två tacos tror du inte att det kan vara en del av kundtjänsten att fråga om det är combo eller ala cart?	0
Hon var ganska besviken även om en viss skuld måste läggas vid hennes dörr.	0
Efter alla rave recensioner kunde jag inte vänta med att äta här...... vilken besvikelse!	0
Del Taco är ganska otäck och bör undvikas om möjligt.	0
Det är INTE svårt att göra en ordentlig hamburgare.	0
Men jag gillar det inte.	0
Helvete nej jag kommer att gå tillbaka	0
Vi har fått en mycket bättre service från pizzastället bredvid än de tjänster vi fick från denna restaurang.	0
Jag vet inte vad den stora affären är med den här platsen, men jag kommer inte tillbaka "ya'all".	0
Jag sa omedelbart att jag ville prata med chefen men jag ville inte prata med killen som sköt eldklot bakom baren.	0
Stämningen är inte mycket bättre.	0
Tyvärr satte det oss bara upp för besvikelse med våra förrätter.	0
Maten var inte bra.	0
Dina servrar suger, vänta, korrigering, vår server Heimer suger.	0
Det som hände sedan var ganska...förstörtande.	0
synd eftersom jag vet att det är familjeägt, jag ville verkligen gilla det här stället.	0
För dyrt för vad du får.	0
Jag kräktes i badrummet mitt på lunchen.	0
Jag fortsatte att titta på tiden och det hade snart blivit 35 minuter, men fortfarande ingen mat.	0
Jag har varit på väldigt få ställen att äta som jag under inga omständigheter någonsin skulle återvända till, och detta toppar listan.	0
Vi började med tonfisk sashimi som var brunaktig i färgen och uppenbarligen inte var färsk.	0
Maten var under genomsnittet.	0
Det slår säkert nachos på bio men jag skulle förvänta mig lite mer från en restaurang.	0
Sammantaget var Ha Long Bay lite av en flopp.	0
Problemet jag har är att de tar $11,99 för en smörgås som inte är större än en Subway sub (som erbjuder bättre och mer mängd grönsaker).	0
Räkor - När jag packade upp den (jag bor bara 1/2 mil från Brushfire) var det bokstavligen iskallt.	0
Det saknade smak, verkade dåligt tillagat och torrt.	0
Det är verkligen imponerande att platsen inte har stängts.	0
Jag skulle undvika denna plats om du bor i Mirage.	0
Refried bönorna som följde med min måltid var torkade och knaprig och maten var intetsägande.	0
Spendera dina pengar och tid någon annanstans.	0
En dam vid bordet bredvid oss ​​hittade en levande grön larv i sin sallad.	0
presentationen av maten var hemsk.	0
Jag kan inte berätta hur besviken jag var.	0
Jag tycker att mat borde ha smak och konsistens och båda saknades.	0
Aptiten försvann direkt.	0
Sammantaget var jag inte imponerad och skulle inte gå tillbaka.	0
Hela upplevelsen var underväldigande, och jag tror att vi bara ska gå till Ninja Sushi nästa gång.	0
Sedan, som om jag inte hade slösat bort tillräckligt mycket av mitt liv där, hällde de salt i såret genom att dra ut den tid det tog att ta med checken.	0
Sillen smakade illa!	0